Meltdown exercise change according to issue #2565 (#2568)
exercism/python: exercises/concept/meltdown-mitigation/.docs/instructions.md

Once the reactor has started producing power its efficiency needs to be determined.
Efficiency can be grouped into 4 bands:

1. green -> efficiency of 80% or more,

> 2. orange -> efficiency of less than 80% but at least 60%,

Reviewer: It's generally easier for people to parse ranges from low to high. "efficiency of at least 60% but less than 80%"

3. red -> efficiency below 60%, but still 30% or more,
4. black ->  less than 30% efficient.

The percentage value can be calculated as `(generated_power/theoretical_max_power)*100`
where `generated_power = voltage * current`.

> Note that the percentage value is usually not an integer number and take care of a
> proper use of the `<` and `<=` comparisons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the percentage value is usually not an integer number, so make sure to consider the
proper use of the `<` and `<=` comparisons.
```
